readme.md, before:

# are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same

**Check if two stations from the VBB API should be one.** Work in progress, because the heuristic doesn't work yet.

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same)
[![build status](https://api.travis-ci.org/derhuerst/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/derhuerst/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same)
![ISC-licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/derhuerst/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same.svg)
[![chat on gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/derhuerst.svg)](https://gitter.im/derhuerst)


## Installing

```shell
npm install are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same
```


## Usage

```js
todo
```


## Contributing

If you have a question or have difficulties using `are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same`, please double-check your code and setup first. If you think you have found a bug or want to propose a feature, refer to [the issues page](https://github.com/derhuerst/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same/issues).

Commit message:

bugfix :bug:, tests for and docs about edge cases

readme.md, after:

# are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same

**Check if two stations from the VBB API should be one.** It compares if both stations have the same scheduled departures. Work in progress.

The heuristic doesn't work yet with edge cases, such as distinct bus stations that the VBB API reports the same departures for. Known pairs:

- [*Am Fischtal* (`900000050258`) and *Im Gestell* (`900000050259`)](http://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=17/52.44704/13.25758&layers=T)

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same)
[![build status](https://api.travis-ci.org/derhuerst/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/derhuerst/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same)
![ISC-licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/derhuerst/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same.svg)
[![chat on gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/derhuerst.svg)](https://gitter.im/derhuerst)


## Installing

```shell
npm install are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same
```


## Usage

```js
todo
```


## Contributing

If you have a question or have difficulties using `are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same`, please double-check your code and setup first. If you think you have found a bug or want to propose a feature, refer to [the issues page](https://github.com/derhuerst/are-vbb-hafas-stations-the-same/issues).
